[
  {
    "scene_id": "scene01",
    "scene_name": "南头鬼路‘挡’",
    "description": "九十年代中国乡村的一条无名土路，是故事中“鬼打墙”现象的核心发生地。此场景旨在营造极致的黑暗、幽闭与方向错乱的恐惧感，是超自然力量的直接体现，也是角色内心恐惧的外部投射。",
    "prompt": "Cinematic, photorealistic, 8K, concept art. Epic wide-angle establishing shot of a scene. No people, no characters. The setting is a desolate, unpaved dirt road in a rural Chinese village, circa the 1990s. It is the dead of night, and the weather is overcast and moonless, with thick clouds obscuring any celestial light. Key architectural and spatial features include a narrow, soft dirt path that seems to stretch endlessly into an impenetrable darkness, flanked by a dense, gnarled forest with looming, skeletal trees. The surrounding environment is a vast, harvested tobacco field, its withered stalks barely visible in the suffocating gloom. The space is filled with significant details and props, such as deep, unsettling shadows that swallow all light, a thick, almost tangible fog clinging low to the ground, and the faint, ghostly silhouette of the very same treeline repeating in the distance, suggesting a supernatural loop. The primary light source is non-existent, creating a near-absolute blackness that feels oppressive and claustrophobic. The overall atmosphere is one of profound terror, isolation, and supernatural disorientation, with a dominant color palette of pitch-black, deep indigo, and the muddy, indistinct brown of the path."
  },
  {
    "scene_id": "scene02",
    "scene_name": "焚烧邪木的土坑",
    "description": "村民们为破除“挡”的诅咒，在白天挖开的土坑。这里是秘密被揭露和暴力净化的场所，象征着社区对未知恐惧的集体反抗。场景氛围在光天化日之下充满了怪诞与不安。",
    "prompt": "Cinematic, photorealistic, 8K, concept art. Epic wide-angle establishing shot of a scene. No people, no characters. The setting is a freshly excavated earthen pit on the outskirts of a rural Chinese village, surrounded by sun-drenched tobacco fields, circa the 1990s. It is a bright, clear autumn afternoon, with harsh, direct sunlight casting sharp shadows. Key architectural and spatial features include a deep, man-sized rectangular pit dug into the reddish-brown earth, with large piles of displaced soil and discarded tools like shovels and pickaxes lying on its edge. The surrounding environment is an open field where golden-yellow tobacco leaves are visible drying on distant racks under the brilliant sun. The space is filled with significant details and props, such as the smoldering, charred remnants of a large, thick, ancient wooden plank at the bottom of the pit, a plume of unnaturally coiling, sickly greenish-blue smoke rising from the ashes, and heaps of dry tobacco stalks scattered around the pit's edge, having been used as kindling. The primary light source is the harsh high-noon sun, which creates a stark contrast between the brightly lit landscape and the dark, shadowed interior of the pit. The overall atmosphere is tense, eerie, and ritualistic, with a dominant color palette of scorched black, earthy terracotta, the unsettling greenish-blue of the smoke, and the golden-brown of the surrounding autumn landscape."
  }
]